Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's were the fun is.
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me - consciously or unconsciously. That's to be expected.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Everything in life is luck.
Part of being a winner is knowing when enough is enough. Sometimes you have to give up the fight and walk away, and move on to something that's more productive.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
As long as your going to be thinking anyway, think big
You know, it really doesn’t matter what the media write as long as you’ve got a young and beautiful piece of ass.
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
Listen you motherfucker, we're going to tax you 25 percent!
When was the last time anybody saw us beating, let's say, China in a trade deal? They kill us. I beat China all the time. All the time.
The U.S. will invite El Chapo, the Mexican drug lord who just escaped prison, to become a U.S. citizen because our "leaders" can't say no!
I will build a great wall — and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me —and I’ll build them very inexpensively. I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will make Mexico pay for that wall. Mark my words.
When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending the best. They're not sending you, they're sending people that have lots of problems and they're bringing those problems with us. They’re bringing drugs. They’re bringing crime. They’re rapists. ... And some, I assume, are good people.
The wall will go up and Mexico will start behaving.
Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!
Laziness is a trait in the blacks. ... Black guys counting my money! I hate it.
The only kind of people I want counting my money are little short guys that wear yamakas every day.
If I were running 'The View,' I'd fire Rosie [O'Donnell]. I mean, I'd look her right in that fat, ugly face of hers, I'd say, 'Rosie, you're fired.'
Rosie O’Donnell’s disgusting both inside and out. You take a look at her, she’s a slob. She talks like a truck driver, she doesn’t have her facts, she’ll say anything that comes to her mind.
 Ariana Huffington is unattractive, both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
 Hillary Clinton was the worst Secretary of State in the history of the United States. There's never been a Secretary of State so bad as Hillary. The world blew up around us. We lost everything, including all relationships. There wasn't one good thing that came out of that administration or her being Secretary of State.
 If you can’t get rich dealing with politicians, there’s something wrong with you.
 We build a school, we build a road, they blow up the school, we build another school, we build another road they blow them up, we build again, in the meantime we can't get a fucking school in Brooklyn.
A certificate of live birth is not the same thing by any stretch of the imagination as a birth certificate.
Free trade is terrible. Free trade can be wonderful if you have smart people. But we have stupid people in office.
He's not a war hero. He's a war hero because he was captured. I like people that weren't captured, OK, I hate to tell you.
I saw a report yesterday. There’s so much oil, all over the world, they don’t know where to dump it. And Saudi Arabia says, ‘Oh, there’s too much oil.’ Do you think they’re our friends? They’re not our friends.
All the women on The Apprentice flirted with me — consciously or unconsciously. That’s to be expected.
One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace. Good people don’t go into government.
An ‘extremely credible source’ has called my office and told me that Barack Obama’s birth certificate is a fraud
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog & will do it again – just watch. He can do much better!
All of the women on The Apprentice flirted with me – consciously or unconsciously. That’s to be expected.
One of they key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace. Good people don’t go into government.
The beauty of me is that I’m very rich.
It’s freezing and snowing in New York – we need global warming!
I’ve said if Ivanka weren’t my daughter, perhaps I’d be dating her.
My fingers are long and beautiful, as, it has been well documented, are various other parts of my body.
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.
I think the only difference between me and the other candidates is that I’m more honest and my women are more beautiful.
You’re disgusting.
The point is, you can never be too greedy.
Sorry, there is no STAR on the stage tonight!
My Twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
Read more at http://www.marieclaire.co.My IQ is one of the highest — and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure; it's not your fault.
I have so many fabulous friends who happen to be gay, but I am a traditionalist.
The other candidates — they went in, they didn’t know the air conditioning didn’t work. They sweated like dogs...How are they gonna beat ISIS? I don’t think it’s gonna happen.
Look at those hands, are they small hands? And, Republican rival Marco Rubio referred to my hands: 'If they're small, something else must be small.' I guarantee you there's no problem. I guarantee.
I’m the worst thing that’s ever happened to ISIS.
I'm calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.
Did you read about Starbucks? No more 'Merry Christmas' at Starbucks. No more. Maybe we should boycott Starbucks.
Look at that face! Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president?
We have to have a wall. We have to have a border. And in that wall we’re going to have a big fat door where people can come into the country, but they have to come in legally.
I’m owned by the people! I mean, I’m telling you, I’m no angel, but I’m gonna do right by them!
I think apologizing’s a great thing, but you have to be wrong. I will absolutely apologize, sometime in the hopefully distant future, if I’m ever wrong.
When these people walk in the room, they don’t say, ‘Oh, hello! How’s the weather? It’s so beautiful outside. Isn’t it lovely? How are the Yankees doing? Oh they’re doing wonderful. Great.’ Asians say, ‘We want deal!’
You haven’t been called, go back to Univision.
Heidi Klum. Sadly, she's no longer a 10.
You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes. Blood coming out of her… wherever.
You've called women you don't like 'fat pigs,' 'dogs,' 'slobs,' and 'disgusting animals'...
Only Rosie O'Donnell.
He’s not a war hero. He’s a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren’t captured.
No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horses—one vaccine at a time, over time.
NBC News just called it ‘The Great Freeze’ — coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?
I have a great relationship with the blacks. I’ve always had a great relationship with the blacks.
Do you know that Hillary Clinton was a birther? She wanted those records and fought like hell. People forgot. Did you know John McCain was a birther? Wanted those records? They couldn’t get the records. Hillary failed. John McCain failed. Trump was able to get him to give something — I don’t know what the hell it was — but it doesn’t matter.
Rosie O’Donnell’s disgusting both inside and out. You take a look at her, she’s a slob. She talks like a truck driver, she doesn’t have her facts, she’ll say anything that comes to her mind. Her show failed when it was a talk show, the ratings went very, very, very low and very bad, and she got essentially thrown off television. I mean she’s basically a disaster.
It’s like in golf. A lot of people — I don’t want this to sound trivial — but a lot of people are switching to these really long putters, very unattractive. It’s weird. You see these great players with these really long putters, because they can’t sink three-footers anymore. And, I hate it. I am a traditionalist.
The line of ‘Make America great again,’ the phrase, that was mine, I came up with it about a year ago, and I kept using it, and everybody’s using it, they are all loving it. I don’t know I guess I should copyright it, maybe I have copyrighted it.
Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser -- having a healthy ego, or high opinion of yourself, is a real positive in life!
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night & it is certainly my intention to be very nice & highly respectful of the other candidates.
I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's were the fun is.
I know the Chinese. I've made a lot of money with the Chinese. I understand the Chinese mind.
In my life, there are two things I've found I'm very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.
Moron.
Dummy.
Lightweight.
Just tried watching Modern Family -- written by a moron, really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry, Danny!
What can be simpler or more accurately stated? The Mexican Government is forcing their most unwanted people into the United States. They are, in many cases, criminals, drug dealers, rapists, etc.
I’ll win the Latino vote because I’ll create jobs. I’ll create jobs and the Latinos will have jobs they didn’t have.
I would bomb the hell out of those oilfields. I wouldn't send many troops because you won't need 'em by the time I'm finished.
I promise you that I'm much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz -- I mean Jon Stewart. Who, by the way, is totally overrated.
He has done nothing for African-Americans. You look at what's gone on with their income levels. You look at what's gone on with their youth. I thought that he would be a great cheerleader for this country. I thought he'd do a fabulous job for the African-American citizens of this country. He has done nothing.
Frankly, had he not met Monica, had he not met Paula, had he not met various and sundry semi-beautiful women, he would have had a much better deal going.
If Hilary Clinton can't satisfy her husband, what makes her think she can satisfy America?
As everybody knows, but the haters & losers refuse to acknowledge, I do not wear a “wig.” My hair may not be perfect, but it’s mine.
She's been with so many guys she makes me look like a baby, OK, with the other side. And, I just don't even find her attractive. That has nothing to do with why I said it though.
One of the problems when you become successful is that jealousy and envy inevitably follow. There are people -- I categorize them as life’s losers -- who get their sense of accomplishment and achievement from trying to stop others. As far as I’m concerned, if they had any real ability, they wouldn’t be fighting me, they’d be doing something constructive themselves.
The final key to the way I promote is bravado. I play to people's fantasies. People may not always think big themselves, but they can still get very excited by those who do. That's why a little hyperbole never hurts.
Living your words, walking your talk, and talking your walk.
I don't have a racist bone in my body.
When Beyonce was thrusting her hips forward in a very suggestive manner, if someone else would have done that it would have been a national scandal. I thought it was ridiculous ... I thought it was not appropriate.
Do you mind if I sit back a little bit because your breath is very bad. It really is.
Love him or hate him, Donald Trump is a man who is certain about what he wants and sets out to get it, no holds barred. Women find his power almost as much of a turn-on as his money.
You know the funny thing, I don't get along with rich people. I get along with the middle class and the poor people better than I get along with the rich people.
He grew up and nobody knew him. You know? When you interview people, if ever I got the nomination, if I ever decide to run, you may go back and interview people from my kindergarten. They'll remember me. Nobody ever comes forward. Nobody knows who he his until later in his life. It's very strange. The whole thing is very strange.
I went to the opening of 'The Dark Knight Rises,' which is commonly known as 'the Batman movie.' And I'll tell you, it was really terrific.
Our president will start a war with Iran because he has absolutely no ability to negotiate. He's weak and ineffective, so the only way he figures to get reelected, and as sure as you're sitting there, is to start a war with Iran.
I think the institution of marriage should be between a man and a woman. I do favor a very strong domestic-partnership law that guarantees gay people the same legal protection and rights as married people. I think it's important for gay couples who are committed to each other to not be hassled when it comes to inheritance, insurance benefits and other simple everyday rights.
Jeb Bush has to like the Mexican illegals because of his wife.
China's Communist Party has now publicly praised Obama's reelection. They have never had it so good. Will own America soon.
A nation WITHOUT BORDERS is not a nation at all. We must have a wall. The rule of law matters. Jeb just doesn’t get it.
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our GW scientists are stuck in ice.
People are so shocked when they find ... out I am Protestant. I am Presbyterian. And I go to church and I love God and I love my church.
Isn't it funny that I am now #1 in the money losing @HuffingtonPost (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy Arianna Huff must be thrilled!
No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horses—one vaccine at a time, over time.
Oftentimes when I was sleeping with one of the top women in the world, I would say to myself, thinking about me as a boy from Queens, "Can you believe what I am getting?
We have a disaster called the big lie: Obamacare ... And it's going to get worse, because remember, Obamacare really kicks in in '16, 2016. Obama is going to be out playing golf.
Rick Perry, I don’t think even understands what he is saying.
There’s nothing I love more than women, but they’re really a lot different than portrayed. They are far worse than men, far more aggressive, and boy, can they be smart!
We have nobody in Washington that sits back and said, you're not going to raise that fucking price.
You're fired.
It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.
We won with poorly educated. I love the poorly educated.
I love the old days, you know? You know what I hate? There's a guy totally disruptive, throwing punches, we're not allowed punch back anymore. ... I'd like to punch him in the face, I'll tell ya.
That was so great. Who was the person who did that? Put up your hand, put up your hand. Bring that person up here. I love that.
I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody, and I wouldn't lose any voters, okay? It's, like, incredible.
Even a race to Obama, Hillary Clinton was gonna beat Obama. I don't know who would be worse, I don't know, how could it be worse? But she was going to beat – she was favored to win – and she got schlonged, she lost, I mean she lost.
I know where she went – it’s disgusting, I don’t want to talk about it. No, it’s too disgusting. Don’t say it, it’s disgusting.
I think our country does plenty of killing also, Joe.
There were people that were cheering on the other side of New Jersey, where you have large Arab populations. They were cheering as the World Trade Center came down.
The other thing with the terrorists is you have to take out their families, when you get these terrorists, you have to take out their families. They care about their lives, don't kid yourself. When they say they don't care about their lives, you have to take out their families.
I don’t think I’ve made mistakes. Every time somebody said I made a mistake, they do the polls and my numbers go up, so I guess I haven't made any mistakes.
These are stupid people that say, 'Oh didn't Trump declare bankruptcy? Didn't he go bankrupt?' I didn't go bankrupt.
We're gonna bring businesses back. We're gonna have businesses that used to be in New Hampshire, that are now in Mexico, come back to New Hampshire, and you can tell them to go fuck themselves. Because they let you down, and they left!
We're going to knock the shit out of ISIS.
These people – I'd like to use really foul language. I won't do it. I was going to say they're really full of shit, but I won't say that.
We need a leader that wrote The Art of the Deal.
Free trade is terrible.
Free trade can be wonderful if you have smart people. But we have stupid people.
In life you have to rely on the past, and that's called history.
Let me tell you, I'm a really smart guy.
I was a really good student at the best school in the country. The reason I have a little doubt, just a little, is because he grew up and nobody knew him.
I am really honored frankly to have played such a big role in hopefully, hopefully, getting rid of this issue.
We have to look at it, we have to see is it real, is it proper, what's on it, but I hope it checks out beautifully. I am really proud, I am really honored.
I'll tell you, it's Big Business. If there is one word to describe Atlantic City, it's Big Business. Or two words – Big Business.
I don't like the crying.
I will build you ... one of the great ballrooms of the world.
The man that wrote the second book ... didn't write the first book. The difference was like chicken salad and chicken shit.
She really has become a monster ... I mean monster in the most positive way.
My fingers are long and beautiful, as, it has been well been documented, are various other parts of my body.
I'm not a schmuck.
Even if the world goes to hell in a handbasket, I won't lose a penny.
If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the country—I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
Let me tell you, I'm a really smart guy.
