There should be a lot of systems beyond databases. We should have a lot of systems. And today you can do it would be just good management.
I do want a database for those people coming in. I want surveillance if we have to. I want surveillance of certain mosques, OK?
I don’t know, I don’t think about it. I think about the date, all of a sudden, February 1st comes, that’s Iowa, and then we have New Hampshire. We’re doing great in both those places.
We’re doing great all over the country; I think I’m leading every state. But we’re doing really well. I was happy to hear your numbers but I’m not that surprised. And we’ll see what happens. I mean, people are tired, they’re sick and tired of incompetence.
They’re sick and tired of stupid people leading them, the deals they make, whether it’s trade or whether it’s dealing with ISIS, everything is wrong. But they don’t know what they’re doing.
I was after the oil. I said attack the oil. I’ve been telling you that, George, for two years, attack the oil. They didn’t do it. ISIS became wealthy with the oil. Now they’re starting to attack the oil. Nobody mentions it was me.
No, not at all. I want a database for the refugees that if they come into the country. We have no idea who these people are. When the Syrian refugees are going to start pouring into this country, we don’t know if they’re ISIS, we don’t know if it’s a Trojan horse.
And I definitely want a database and other checks and balances. We want to go with watchlists. We want to go with databases.
And we have no choice. We have no idea who’s being sent in here. This could be the it’s probably not, but it could be the great Trojan horse of all time, where they come in.
When I look at those migration when I look at the migration and the lines and I see all strong, very powerful looking men, they’re men and I see very few women, I see very few children, there’s something strange going on.
And if you look at what’s happened in Europe, a lot of bad things are happening in Europe. Just ask the folks that live in Germany, George. A lot of bad things are happening. So
We want to be smart.
We want to hey, George, we want to be vigilant. We have to be vigilant and we have to call is radical you know, we have to just say it. It’s radical Islamic terrorism, and that’s what it is. And we have a president that won’t even issue the term.
But when these Syrians come in, or wherever they are, because we’re not even sure that they’re coming in from Syria, if they’re going to come in, we have to be very, very vigilant. And a database would be fine for them and a watchlist is fine. We have to watch and see what we’re doing.
They should not come in, by the way. They should not be allowed to come in.
Well, we have to be strong. You know, they don’t use waterboarding over there; they use chopping off people’s heads. They use drowning people. I don’t know if you’ve seen with the cages, where they put people in cages and they drown them in the ocean and they lift out the cage. And we’re talking about waterboarding.
We have to be tough
We have to I would bring it back, yes. I would bring it back. I think waterboarding is peanuts compared to what they’d do to us, what they’re doing to us, what they did to James Foley when they chopped off his head. That’s a whole different level and I would absolutely bring back interrogation and strong interrogation.
Well, Jeb Bush is a weak person and that’s been defined very strongly. I mean, Jeb is a weak person who is a you know, I call him a low energy person. That’s what he is. I mean, call him anything you want, but Jeb is a person that will not solve a problem like this.
You have very, very tough people that you’re dealing with. They only understand strength. They don’t understand weakness. Somebody like Jeb, and others that are running against me and by the way Hillary is another one.
I mean, Hillary is a person who doesn’t have the strength or the stamina, in my opinion, to be president. She doesn’t have strength or stamina. She’s not a strong enough person to be president.
We’re dealing with
We’re dealing with very George, we’re dealing with very, very strong people. And you need strength and you need stamina.
Hillary does not have that.
Well, I don’t want to close mosques; I want to surveil mosques. I want mosques surveiled. We were doing it New York City for a while until the worst mayor that New York City has ever had got elected
De Blasio, which was a fluke. And all I would do, certainly there are certain hot spots and everybody knows they’re hot spots.
And let me tell you, the people that are involved in those mosques, they know who the bad ones are and they know who the good ones are, but they don’t talk. And we have to surveil the mosques and we were doing it.
We were doing it recently until De Blasio closed them up in New York City. We were doing it recently. We have to surveil the mosques.
And big material and good material, from what I understood, from a very good source, was coming out of those mosques. We were learning a lot. And they were stopping problems and potential problems by learning what was happening.
Hey, look, I don’t want to close up mosques but things have to happen where, if you’ve got you have got to use strong measures or you’re going to see buildings coming down all over New York City and elsewhere.
We have to have a watchlist, and if that watchlist has somebody that’s you know, we have you know, we have the laws right now. We have the laws already on the books as far as Second Amendment for guns, and as you know I’m a big, big, really big proponent of the Second Amendment.
If in I’ll give you an example. If in Paris some of those people, those and if you had some of those people had guns, you wouldn't have had the horror show that you had with nobody
out of hundreds of people had guns
no, no. You if people are on a watch list or people are sick, you have already this is already covered in the legislation that we already have, George. It's already fully covered.
But we have
if we have an enemy of state
Listen, George, if we have an enemy of state, I don't want to give him anything. I want to have him in jail, that's what I want. I want to have him in jail.
But if those people in Paris had guns in that room, it would have been a shootout and very few people would have been hurt by comparison to the number that were hurt.
I'll tell you who would have been hurt, the bad guys would
because they were the only ones that had the guns.
If somebody is on a watch list and an enemy of state and we know it's an enemy of state, I would keep them away, absolutely.
Hey, I watched when the World Trade Center came tumbling down. And I watched in Jersey City, New Jersey, where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as that building was coming down. Thousands of people were cheering.
It did happen. I saw it.
It was on television. I saw it.
George, it did happen.
There were people that were cheering on the other side of New Jersey, where you have large Arab populations. They were cheering as the World Trade Center came down. I know it might be not politically correct for you to talk about it, but there were people cheering as that building came down as those buildings came down. And that tells you something. It was well covered at the time, George.
Now, I know they don't like to talk about it, but it was well covered at the time.
There were people over in New Jersey that were watching it, a heavy Arab population, that were cheering as the buildings came down. Not good.
John Kasich is going nowhere. He was the head of Lehman. He was one of the top people at Lehman when Lehman almost took down Lehman Brothers almost took down the world. He's going nowhere.
Let him do his ads. Anybody that does an ad against me, it will hit by 10 times. And that's the story. And
you know, people would like to do look, they want to do it because I'm leading. I mean you just came out with a poll that says I'm leading. But everyone else is coming out with polls saying I'm leading because people are sick and tired of stupid and incompetent people leading our nation.
We have incompetent people. When President Obama stands up and says ISIS is contained and then a few hours later, you have one of the most horrible attacks, where hundreds of people are killed, and you have 300 people laying in the hospital, many of them dying, they'll be added to the list of the people killed, and we have no idea. And then he wants to take in people that have no documentation, no paperwork, no anything from Syria on the migration. People are going to come pouring in. And the number he wants is much higher than 10,000. I've heard it's 200,000. That's the real number.
That's the real number he wants. I've even heard 250,000 people. We have a president that doesn't know what he's doing. We have a president, George, who is totally incompetent.
Well, we'll see what happens. It will be very interesting. But I'm leading every poll by a lot. It's not even a little bit anymore, it's a lot. And that's I resonate with the people.
I had 10,000 people yesterday. Every place I go, if I have a crowd smaller than 10,000, it's like a small crowd for me. Nobody else can get 200,000. I mean Jeb Bush and these guys, Kasich goes out, he speaks, if he gets 20 people in ma room, it's a lot of people. Nobody else gets anybody and I get crowds. And you know it, you cover it.
I get crowds of 6,000, 10,000, 20,000. I had a 35,000 crowd
in Alabama
Well, I'm going to have to see what happens. I will see what happens. I have to be treated fairly. You know, when I did this, I said I have to be treated fairly. If I'm treated fairly, I'm fine. All I want to do is a level playing field. And I think people are surprised that, you know, they're politicians and they've been doing this stuff all their lives. I haven't. I've been a job producer. I've done great, you know, things. I've done fabulous developments all over the world and I've made a lot of money. And that's the kind of thinking we need in office. That's the kind of thinking we need in Washington.
And that's why people are resonating with me. And, you know, they know there's a great level of competence. We have a great level of incompetent right now in Washington. And frankly, we have a lot of incompetent politicians running for office. And they can't understand, you know, how come an outsider can be doing so well within the party.
I used to be, George, the fair-haired boy. You know, when I was a contributor. I know more about contributions than anybody. I contributed at the top of the line. But now, all of a sudden, I'm somebody that's a little bit you know, they're a little bit I guess they cant understand what's happening.
But what's happening is very simple. People want competence now. They're tired of incompetent people. It's as simple as that.
Thank you very much.